What age is it now?
When these young people are in love
Something bad happens.
That's impossible.
With my understanding that I don't play
He won't touch a woman he doesn't like.
Who knows what you're up to
Brother Ming Chen, drink the medicine, and I'll get you fruit.
Okay? No more. No more
Let's eat first
Mr. Ji, you should be in better health today, right?
He looks in good spirits.
Of course!
With my nourishment and care
The three of you will get better and better
Since I didn't eat, I'm relieved
I won't eat breakfast
Contact me if you feel uncomfortable
Hey, Dr. Chen is here
Go after breakfast
You must have not eaten when you came here early this morning
Although my mother is divorced
You can stay and have breakfast together, okay?
Super brother eat more
Are you exhausted last night?
Replenish the body
Qin Xiaojuan eats well
Who do these tricks for?
My son just came out
You're just tossing
I don't think you have a good heart at all
Just to do our best, we care about something.
I can't eat without this
Come on, sir. Let's eat out.